[Brister whistles]
Larry is gonna flip his shit
when this bust makes my career.
Who's that?
My boss back in America.
Mexico is also America, you know.
Yeah.
Anyway, he's racist as hell.
He says racist shit all the time.
That must be so hard to put up with.
Yeah, you get it.
This whole time, this town, my paradise...
it was a paradise
because it was protected by crime.
I know a place like that.
Let's get going.
Those kids are not going to
interrogate themselves.
[whining]
[sighs]
Poor things.
[whining]
[panting]
[Jesus] I uh...
I'm sorry about before.
You uh... You mind if I have a taste?
[scoffs] Are you kidding?
At a time like this?
You want a cloudy mind--
I don't know no "cloudy,"
but it's not like we're going anywhere.
Thanks to you.
What is that supposed to mean?
We shouldn't have let them take us in.
Our brother's out there all alone,
probably in danger,
maybe even a danger to himself,
and we're stuck in here
con la cola pa'rriba,
because you got to do things
"the right way."
Sabes qué? Yeah, I will take that drink,
if you don't mind, please!
Thanks!
[Garcia] Liquid breakfast, huh?
Go ahead, drink it.
I want your ass good and stupid
when I'm breaking you down.
Sifu was no brujo.
If anything, he was a curandero.
He was a healer.
[sighs] I have no reason to lie to you.
How can I know that?
[Isabela] I don't know.
[Brister] Then what do you know, man?
I know that Padre Serrano
was a freaking drug kingpin.
He must have sent those crazy monsters...
I think.
You think Serrano killed Chiu,
but you don't know?
He must have.
So, Chiu was at war with Serrano
over San Simon?
Did he want to take over Serrano's
business? Were you getting revenge?
No! None of that!
Then why did you murder Serrano?
[Brister] Why you kill the padre, chief?
He give you one too many Hail Marys?
I didn't kill nobody!
We tried to stop Silencio.
We just wanted answers.
But Silencio, he's so angry.
I understand why, but I uh...
Jesus... [sighs]
I...
W-We both lost so much.
But Silencio, he's lost so much more.
Where is Silencio?
He is... in the wind!
I don't know!
I don't believe you!
Fine, gringo!
Believe whatever the hell you want!
Hey! Easy!
If I didn't have these,
would you use your voodoo on me?
Uh... What?
[Garcia] What are you hiding from me?
You know where Silencio is.
[Lina] Oh, my God. Are you sure?
Y-Yes. Yes, I will.
[gasps]
You know I hate that.
You want to run together?
[El Balde] My hidden rival was a priest?
Sí, jefe. El padre Serrano.
And this so-called priest is dead
at the hands of three orphans?
Sí. The orphans el chino looked after.
Two of them are in the pinta.
Somehow the lady cop brought them in,
her and the negrito.
And the third orphan?
I... We don't know.
Doesn't matter.
I'll get him to show himself.
[rumbling]
Leave me, Nachito.
I have to tell Mother the good news.
Mother?
We didn't exactly earn their trust.
[grunts]
Oh, it's strong stuff.
[Piojo clears throat]
[chuckles]
We're gonna get real stupefied.
Qué?
[sighs] It's a thing he says.
It's dumb.
[Brister] I believe him.
He just seemed so defeated.
It felt real, dig?
I don't know what to think yet.
-[Brister] Who the hell are you?
-State Police, gringo.
Can nobody in Mexico tell I'm black?
Calmate, Brister.
I'm Officer Garcia
and this is Special Agent Brister.
How can I help you?
Word got up to state about
the escalating situation here.
We were sent to contain it.
I'll go check on the prisoners.
-Hold on, now!
-Brister!
Cálmate.
Thank you for cooperating, Officer Garcia.
I'm sure we can find a way
to work together, as equals.
You know San Simon, we don't.
[dogs panting]
[Brister] According to the bi-national
task force agreement,
you cats take orders from me, dig?
[Piojo laughs]
[Jesus laughs]
Hey, mira, another pig!
Hey, pull down your pants, pig!
Show us your curly little--
[gasps]
Piojo!
Shh.
[Jesus grunts]
-[grunts]
-[cop] Come on, big guy.
[Jesus whimpers]
Try something.
[Garcia] What's going on?
[grunts]
[barking]
LOCAL POLICE STATION
PRECINCT 13
[grunts]
[gunfire continues]
[gunfire stops]
[gun clicks]
[grunting]
[gunshot]
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
[two gunshots]
[cop grunting]
[gasps]
[cop whimpers]
[grunts]
[Isabela panting]
[sighs]
[handcuffs creaking]
[grunts]
[door opens]
[gasps]
Why the hell is he in your cell?
Um...
[Jesus sighs]
[Piojo grunting]
[cell door opening]
He'll live.
Get me gauze,
and stay away from the windows.
I know what you did to Serrano.
I guess you thought he was responsible
for what happened to San Simon,
to Chiu,
but you're wrong.
His fight wasn't with your teacher.
I know Serrano was
a drug dealer, because...
I delivered his drugs.
I never imagined that would be my life,
but Serrano kept us safe
from the other jefes.
He saved his violence for those
who would hurt the poor.
For the others, violence is a weapon.
For him, it was a shield.
They all wanted San Simon.
Especially the Orphan Maker,
the one who did this.
When the Orphan Maker takes San Simon,
everything's gonna--
[tires squealing]
Silencio, are you crazy?
[sighs]
[panting]
[Nachito] The jail is pinned down.
Are the children dead?
No.
Nor the lady cop, or the gringo.
Has anyone died?
Some of our men on the inside.
How many?
We think... all of them.
You know, I'm getting tired of
my mother's thanklessness.
-[El Balde whistles]
-[dogs barking]
MARKET
I told her if her ingratitude continued,
I would have to stop
treating her like a mother.
[barking]
If a dog is hungry enough...
you only need to give him scraps
to gain his undying loyalty.
Just a little bit, children.
Too much will drive you mad.
I need you to be able to follow orders.
[dog snarls]
Do you know what Christ's flesh does when
you consume it during a Catholic mass?
I never really thought about it.
Nothing, because he is a fiction.
My mother's flesh, however...
[dogs snarling]
[gunshot]
So, you got any ideas?
Because, you know, the bi-national
blah-blah something task agree-thing
says you are the idea man.
[Brister sighs]
I don't have any ideas.
This isn't my town.
This isn't my country, it's yours.
The things that are happening,
I don't understand.
I'm out of my element, dig?
And...
I'm afraid.
It-It's time I admit,
you're in charge here.
Mind if I try a mug?
[rumbling]
[Jesus gasps]
[rumbling continues]
HANG IN THERE, BABY!
[dogs snarling]
[gunshots]
Isabela!
[whimpers]
[snarling]
Go!
What about Piojo?
He's safe in a cell! Come on!
[gunfire]
[snarling continues]
[gun clicking]
[grunts]
[snarling]
[Brister grunts]
-[snarling]
-[grunting]
[gun clicking]
[gasps]
[snarling]
Don't just stare, you pigs! Help us!
You know, man, we have names!
[grunts]
-[groans]
-[cell clattering]
Piojo!
-[snarling]
-[grunting]
[snarling]
[laughs and grunts]
That's the booze you're tasting.
I'm practically a pickle.
If you're gonna kill me, make it quick.
[grunts] Hey!
I'm not a toy!
Screw you, cabròn!
[whines]
[chuckles]
That ain't the first time
I've been puked on,
and it won't be the last!
[groans] Dios mío.
[grunts]
Come on! Look at me! Come on!
[snarling]
[grunts]
[groans]
[whines]
[gasps]
I know you.
What the hell?
It remembers me.
[Piojo grunting]
Piojo! You're OK!
Wait, where's-where's
the other uh fucked-up thing?
[coughing]
I fixed it.
[panting]
-Get it to stand back up.
-Qué?
Sis, I'm gonna try something crazy.
Do you trust me?
Hey, can you stand, boy? Can you?
[barks]
[whining]
[grunts]
[panting]
I give up! Magic is real.
[Piojo] All right.
Well, I officially declare myself
un-arrested!
Uh...
Adiós!
[sighs] You drunk idiot.
You will be shot!
[Piojo grunting]
Where did the snipers go?
[scream in distance]
[gasps]
Silencio.
My God.
[El Balde] So...
you are the children
who handed me this town.
[grunting]
I'm glad to see you.
I wanted to thank you...
before I kill you.
[choking]
[grunting]
[Piojo spluttering]
Piojo! [gasps]
[gasps]
[gasps] I know that mark. It was him.
He killed Sifu.
Why did you kill our father?
I kill a lot of people, mi'ja.
Please... be more specific.
[laughs]
Ah!
[chuckles]
[both groaning]
-[grunts]
-[laughs]
[El Balde laughs]
Wait.
I know you.
I made you.
[gasps]
[banging]
[groaning]
Silencio!
I...
[creaking]
[El Balde yelling]
You can't kill me.
Get in!
Not while I have Death in a cage.